and so it was when king hezekiah heard
and so it was when king hezekiah heard it that he tore his clothes covered
it that he tore his clothes covered
it that he tore his clothes covered himself with sackcloth
himself with sackcloth
himself with sackcloth and went into the house of the Lord then
and went into the house of the Lord then
and went into the house of the Lord then he sent a like him who was over the
he sent a like him who was over the
he sent a like him who was over the household shebna the scribe and the
household shebna the scribe and the
household shebna the scribe and the elders of the priests covered with
elders of the priests covered with
elders of the priests covered with sackcloth to Isaiah the prophet the son
sackcloth to Isaiah the prophet the son
sackcloth to Isaiah the prophet the son of Amos and they said to him thus says
of Amos and they said to him thus says
of Amos and they said to him thus says Hezekiah this day is a day of trouble
Hezekiah this day is a day of trouble
Hezekiah this day is a day of trouble and rebuke and blasphemy for the
and rebuke and blasphemy for the
and rebuke and blasphemy for the children have come to birth but there is
children have come to birth but there is
children have come to birth but there is no strength to bring them forth it may
no strength to bring them forth it may
no strength to bring them forth it may be that the Lord your God will hear the
be that the Lord your God will hear the
be that the Lord your God will hear the words of the rap Chaka whom his master
words of the rap Chaka whom his master
words of the rap Chaka whom his master the king of Assyria has sent to reproach
the king of Assyria has sent to reproach
the king of Assyria has sent to reproach the Living God and will rebuke the words
the Living God and will rebuke the words
the Living God and will rebuke the words which the Lord your God has heard
which the Lord your God has heard
which the Lord your God has heard therefore lift up your prayer for the
therefore lift up your prayer for the
therefore lift up your prayer for the remnant that is left so the servants of
remnant that is left so the servants of
remnant that is left so the servants of King Hezekiah came to Isaiah and Isaiah
King Hezekiah came to Isaiah and Isaiah
King Hezekiah came to Isaiah and Isaiah said to them thus you shall say to your
said to them thus you shall say to your
said to them thus you shall say to your master thus says the Lord do not be
master thus says the Lord do not be
master thus says the Lord do not be afraid of the words which you have heard
afraid of the words which you have heard
afraid of the words which you have heard with which the servants of the king of
with which the servants of the king of
with which the servants of the king of Assyria have blaspheme to me surely I
Assyria have blaspheme to me surely I
Assyria have blaspheme to me surely I will send a spirit upon him and he shall
will send a spirit upon him and he shall
will send a spirit upon him and he shall hear a rumour and return to his own land
hear a rumour and return to his own land
hear a rumour and return to his own land and I will cause him to fall by the
and I will cause him to fall by the
and I will cause him to fall by the sword in his own land
sword in his own land
sword in his own land then the Rabb Shakur returned and found
then the Rabb Shakur returned and found
then the Rabb Shakur returned and found the king of Assyria warring against
the king of Assyria warring against
the king of Assyria warring against Lebanon for he heard that he had
Lebanon for he heard that he had
Lebanon for he heard that he had departed from lakish
departed from lakish
departed from lakish and the King heard concerning to heika
and the King heard concerning to heika
and the King heard concerning to heika king of Ethiopia
king of Ethiopia
king of Ethiopia he has come out to make war with you so
he has come out to make war with you so
he has come out to make war with you so when he heard it he sent messengers to
when he heard it he sent messengers to
when he heard it he sent messengers to Hezekiah saying thus you shall speak to
Hezekiah saying thus you shall speak to
Hezekiah saying thus you shall speak to Hezekiah king of Judah saying do not let
Hezekiah king of Judah saying do not let
Hezekiah king of Judah saying do not let your God in whom you trust deceive you
your God in whom you trust deceive you
your God in whom you trust deceive you saying Jerusalem shall not be given into
saying Jerusalem shall not be given into
saying Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of Assyria look you
the hand of the king of Assyria look you
the hand of the king of Assyria look you have heard what the kings of Assyria had
have heard what the kings of Assyria had
have heard what the kings of Assyria had done to all lands by utterly destroying
done to all lands by utterly destroying
done to all lands by utterly destroying them and shall you be delivered have the
them and shall you be delivered have the
them and shall you be delivered have the gods of the nations delivered those who
gods of the nations delivered those who
gods of the nations delivered those who my fathers have destroyed Goshen and
my fathers have destroyed Goshen and
my fathers have destroyed Goshen and Haran and Loras F and the people of Eden
Haran and Loras F and the people of Eden
Haran and Loras F and the people of Eden who were into lesser where is the king
who were into lesser where is the king
who were into lesser where is the king of famous the king of our part and the
of famous the king of our part and the
of famous the king of our part and the king of the city of sefar am pinna and
king of the city of sefar am pinna and
king of the city of sefar am pinna and Eva and Hezekiah received the letter
Eva and Hezekiah received the letter
Eva and Hezekiah received the letter from the hand of the messengers and read
from the hand of the messengers and read
from the hand of the messengers and read it
it
it Hezekiah went up to the house of the
Hezekiah went up to the house of the
Hezekiah went up to the house of the Lord and spread it before the Lord then
Lord and spread it before the Lord then
Lord and spread it before the Lord then Hezekiah prayed to the Lord O Lord of
Hezekiah prayed to the Lord O Lord of
Hezekiah prayed to the Lord O Lord of Hosts God of Israel the one who dwells
Hosts God of Israel the one who dwells
Hosts God of Israel the one who dwells between the cherubim you are God you
between the cherubim you are God you
between the cherubim you are God you alone of all the kingdoms of the earth
alone of all the kingdoms of the earth
alone of all the kingdoms of the earth you have made heaven and earth
you have made heaven and earth
you have made heaven and earth incline your ear o Lord and hear open
incline your ear o Lord and hear open
incline your ear o Lord and hear open your eyes o Lord and see and hear all
your eyes o Lord and see and hear all
your eyes o Lord and see and hear all the words of Sennacherib which he has
the words of Sennacherib which he has
the words of Sennacherib which he has sent to reproach the Living God truly
sent to reproach the Living God truly
sent to reproach the Living God truly Lord the kings of Assyria have laid
Lord the kings of Assyria have laid
Lord the kings of Assyria have laid waste all the nations and their lands
waste all the nations and their lands
waste all the nations and their lands and have cast their gods into the fire
and have cast their gods into the fire
and have cast their gods into the fire but they were not gods but the work of
but they were not gods but the work of
but they were not gods but the work of men's hands wood and stone
men's hands wood and stone
men's hands wood and stone therefore they destroyed them now
therefore they destroyed them now
therefore they destroyed them now therefore O Lord our God save us from
therefore O Lord our God save us from
therefore O Lord our God save us from his hand that all the kingdoms of the
his hand that all the kingdoms of the
his hand that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that you are the Lord you
earth may know that you are the Lord you
earth may know that you are the Lord you alone when Isaiah the son of Amoz sent
alone when Isaiah the son of Amoz sent
alone when Isaiah the son of Amoz sent Hezekiah saying thus says the Lord God
Hezekiah saying thus says the Lord God
Hezekiah saying thus says the Lord God of Israel because you have prayed to me
of Israel because you have prayed to me
of Israel because you have prayed to me against Sennacherib king of Assyria this
against Sennacherib king of Assyria this
against Sennacherib king of Assyria this is the word which the Lord has spoken
is the word which the Lord has spoken
is the word which the Lord has spoken concerning him the virgin
concerning him the virgin
concerning him the virgin the daughter of Zion has despised you
the daughter of Zion has despised you
the daughter of Zion has despised you laughed you to scorn the daughter of
laughed you to scorn the daughter of
laughed you to scorn the daughter of Jerusalem has shaken her head behind
Jerusalem has shaken her head behind
Jerusalem has shaken her head behind your back
your back
your back who have you reproached and blaspheme
who have you reproached and blaspheme
who have you reproached and blaspheme against whom have you raised your voice
against whom have you raised your voice
against whom have you raised your voice and lifted up your eyes on high against
and lifted up your eyes on high against
and lifted up your eyes on high against the Holy One of Israel by your servants
the Holy One of Israel by your servants
the Holy One of Israel by your servants you have reproached the Lord and said by
you have reproached the Lord and said by
you have reproached the Lord and said by the multitude of my chariots I have come
the multitude of my chariots I have come
the multitude of my chariots I have come up to the height of the mountains to the
up to the height of the mountains to the
up to the height of the mountains to the limits of Lebanon I will cut down its
limits of Lebanon I will cut down its
limits of Lebanon I will cut down its tall Cedars and its choice cypress trees
tall Cedars and its choice cypress trees
tall Cedars and its choice cypress trees I will enter its farthest height to its
I will enter its farthest height to its
I will enter its farthest height to its fruitful forest I have dug and drunk
fruitful forest I have dug and drunk
fruitful forest I have dug and drunk and with the soles of my feet I have
and with the soles of my feet I have
and with the soles of my feet I have dried up all the Brooks of Defense did
dried up all the Brooks of Defense did
dried up all the Brooks of Defense did you not hear long ago how I made it from
you not hear long ago how I made it from
you not hear long ago how I made it from ancient times that I formed it now I
ancient times that I formed it now I
ancient times that I formed it now I have brought it to pass that you should
have brought it to pass that you should
have brought it to pass that you should be for crushing fortified cities into
be for crushing fortified cities into
be for crushing fortified cities into heaps of ruins there for their
heaps of ruins there for their
heaps of ruins there for their inhabitants had little power they were
inhabitants had little power they were
inhabitants had little power they were dismayed and confounded they were as the
dismayed and confounded they were as the
dismayed and confounded they were as the grass of the field and the green herb as
grass of the field and the green herb as
grass of the field and the green herb as the grass on the housetops and grain
the grass on the housetops and grain
the grass on the housetops and grain blighted before it is grown but I know
blighted before it is grown but I know
blighted before it is grown but I know your dwelling place your going out and
your dwelling place your going out and
your dwelling place your going out and your coming in and your rage against me
your coming in and your rage against me
your coming in and your rage against me because your rage against me and your
because your rage against me and your
because your rage against me and your tumult have come up to my ears therefore
tumult have come up to my ears therefore
tumult have come up to my ears therefore I will put my hook in your nose and my
I will put my hook in your nose and my
I will put my hook in your nose and my bridle in your lips and I will turn you
bridle in your lips and I will turn you
bridle in your lips and I will turn you back by the way which you came this
back by the way which you came this
back by the way which you came this shall be assigned to you you shall eat
shall be assigned to you you shall eat
shall be assigned to you you shall eat this year such as grows of itself and
this year such as grows of itself and
this year such as grows of itself and the second year what Springs from the
the second year what Springs from the
the second year what Springs from the same also in the third year sow and reap
same also in the third year sow and reap
same also in the third year sow and reap plant vineyards and eats the fruit of
plant vineyards and eats the fruit of
plant vineyards and eats the fruit of them and the remnant who have escaped of
them and the remnant who have escaped of
them and the remnant who have escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root
the house of Judah shall again take root
the house of Judah shall again take root downward and bear fruit
downward and bear fruit
downward and bear fruit would four out of Jerusalem shall go a
would four out of Jerusalem shall go a
would four out of Jerusalem shall go a remnant and those who escaped from Mount
remnant and those who escaped from Mount
remnant and those who escaped from Mount Zion the zeal of the Lord of Hosts will
Zion the zeal of the Lord of Hosts will
Zion the zeal of the Lord of Hosts will do this therefore thus says the Lord
do this therefore thus says the Lord
do this therefore thus says the Lord concerning the king of Assyria he shall
concerning the king of Assyria he shall
concerning the king of Assyria he shall not come into this city nor shoot an
not come into this city nor shoot an
not come into this city nor shoot an arrow there nor come before it with
arrow there nor come before it with
arrow there nor come before it with shield nor build a siege mount against
shield nor build a siege mount against
shield nor build a siege mount against it by the way that he came by the same
it by the way that he came by the same
it by the way that he came by the same shall he returned and he shall not come
shall he returned and he shall not come
shall he returned and he shall not come into this city for I will defend this
into this city for I will defend this
into this city for I will defend this city to save it for my own sake and for
city to save it for my own sake and for
city to save it for my own sake and for my servant David sake
then the angel of the Lord went out and
then the angel of the Lord went out and killed in the camp of the Assyrians
185,000
185,000 [Music]
and when the people arose early in the
and when the people arose early in the morning there were the corpses all dead
morning there were the corpses all dead
morning there were the corpses all dead so Sennacherib king of Assyria departed
so Sennacherib king of Assyria departed
so Sennacherib king of Assyria departed and went away returned home and remained
and went away returned home and remained
and went away returned home and remained at Nineveh now it came to pass as he was
at Nineveh now it came to pass as he was
at Nineveh now it came to pass as he was worshiping in the house of nice rock his
worshiping in the house of nice rock his
worshiping in the house of nice rock his God but his sons a drama lake and
God but his sons a drama lake and
God but his sons a drama lake and cheresa struck him down with the sword
cheresa struck him down with the sword
cheresa struck him down with the sword they escaped into the land of Ararat
they escaped into the land of Ararat
they escaped into the land of Ararat then Issa hadn't his son reigned in his
then Issa hadn't his son reigned in his
then Issa hadn't his son reigned in his place